1014 (#71)
mattpocock/ts-error-translator: packages/engine/errors/1014.md

---
original: "A rest parameter must be last in a parameter list."

> excerpt: "Rest parameter isn't the last argument of a function"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: "A parameter in a function that starts with `...` must be the last one in the list."
```

---

Rest parameters tell me to group all remaining variables together, like this:

```ts
function doStuff(fruit: string, ...numbers: number[]){
	// stuff
}

doStuff('banana', 1, 2, 3)
```

> I get confused if they're not at the very end of the list, so please don't do something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I get confused if they're not at the very end of the list, because I won't know how many to group together. I'll find this confusing:
```
